Add log-collector script section to Elastic Stack docs (#2411)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/elastic_ci_aws/troubleshooting.md

There are a couple of other log groups that the Elastic CI Stack for AWS sends logs to, but their use cases are pretty specific. For a full accounting of what logs are sent to CloudWatch, see the config for [Linux](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/blob/-/packer/linux/conf/cloudwatch-agent/config.json) and [Windows](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/blob/-/packer/windows/conf/cloudwatch-agent/amazon-cloudwatch-agent.json).

## Collecting logs via script

An alternative method to collect the logs is to use the [`log-collector`](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/blob/main/utils/log-collector) script in the [`utils`](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/tree/main/utils) folder of the [Elastic CI Stack for AWS repository](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws).

> The script collects CloudWatch logs for the Instance, Lambda function, and AutoScaling activity, then packages them in a zip archive that you can email to Support for help at [support@buildkite.com](mailto:support@buildkite.com).

Reviewer: This should fix the linting error:

```suggestion
The script collects CloudWatch Logs for the Instance, Lambda function, and AutoScaling activity, then packages them in a zip archive that you can email to Support for help at [support@buildkite.com](mailto:support@buildkite.com).
```

The language is a little awkward but it looks like it's a branded term, so should be capitalized.

There are a couple of other log groups that the Elastic CI Stack for AWS sends logs to, but their use cases are pretty specific. For a full accounting of what logs are sent to CloudWatch, see the config for [Linux](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/blob/-/packer/linux/conf/cloudwatch-agent/config.json) and [Windows](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/blob/-/packer/windows/conf/cloudwatch-agent/amazon-cloudwatch-agent.json).

## Collecting logs via script

> An alternative method to collect the logs is to use the [`log-collector`](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/blob/main/utils/log-collector) script in the [`utils`](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/tree/main/utils) folder of our [Elastic CI Stack for AWS Repository](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws). 

Reviewer: Style nitpicks:

```suggestion
An alternative method to collect the logs is to use the [`log-collector`](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/blob/main/utils/log-collector) script in the [`utils`](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws/tree/main/utils) folder of the [Elastic CI Stack for AWS repository](https://github.com/buildkite/elastic-ci-stack-for-aws).
```

> The script will collect CloudWatch logs for the Instance, Lambda function, and AutoScaling activity and package them in a zip archive which you can send via email to [support@buildkite.com](mailto:support@buildkite.com).

Reviewer: Style nitpicks:

```suggestion
The script collects CloudWatch logs for the Instance, Lambda function, and AutoScaling activity, then packages them in a zip archive that you can email to Support for help at [support@buildkite.com](mailto:support@buildkite.com).
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove unnecessary blank line:

```suggestion
```
